{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 My husband wants our dog to have a baby. He\'92s been fixated on it for weeks now, turning the idea over in his mind like he does the remote control. He\'92s always been that way, obsessing over something until it\'92s all he can talk about, all he can think about, all he can make me think about.\
The dog is a Great Dane, enormous and sleek, with a coat like polished granite. His name is Duke, a name my husband insisted on, because he said it sounded noble. I didn\'92t argue. You learn not to argue about names after you\'92ve been married as long as I have. Duke is my husband\'92s pride and joy, his constant companion. It\'92s as if they share some secret bond, one that\'92s stronger than the one between my husband and me.\
My husband\'92s name is Claude. Claude was a banker, once. Now, he\'92s mostly just here, taking up space, lounging on the sofa with Duke or hovering over the espresso machine like he\'92s performing a sacred ritual. He says he\'92s retired, but I suspect he was just eased out of the firm when they realized he wasn\'92t cut out for the 21st century. Claude never took to the new technology, the smart systems, the algorithms. He preferred paper, the tangible weight of a balance sheet in his hands. Now, he\'92s always home, filling the house with his presence like an oversized piece of furniture.\
He\'92s fixated on the idea of Duke having a litter, going on about it as if it were the next logical step in the dog\'92s life. \'93It\'92s natural,\'94 he says. \'93Duke deserves to pass on his genes. He\'92s a perfect specimen.\'94 Claude speaks as if Duke is more than just a dog, as if he\'92s something extraordinary, a piece of art that needs to be reproduced. I nod along, thinking of the mess, the complications, the expense. But I\'92ve learned not to object. Not directly.\
Claude has this way of wearing you down. It\'92s not so much that he\'92s persuasive, more that he\'92s persistent. Like a river carving through rock, given enough time, he\'92ll get what he wants. So when he started talking about finding a mate for Duke, I knew it was only a matter of time before I\'92d be on the phone with breeders, arranging meetings, pretending to care about pedigrees and bloodlines.\
Duke, of course, is oblivious to all of this. He lounges around the house, draping himself across the furniture as if he owns the place. He follows Claude everywhere, his eyes always on him, waiting for the next command, the next bit of attention. I used to think it was endearing, the way they were so close. Now, I just find it tiresome. Duke is like a shadow I can\'92t escape, always there, always demanding something from me\'97food, water, a walk, a pat on the head.\
Claude\'92s obsession with Duke\'92s offspring has started to bleed into our conversations, our daily routines. He talks about the future litter as if they\'92re already here, as if we\'92ve already added six or seven more mouths to feed, more fur to vacuum up, more chaos to manage. \'93We\'92ll need to get a bigger yard,\'94 he says, sipping his espresso. \'93Maybe even move to the countryside. Somewhere they can run, really stretch their legs.\'94\
I look at him over the rim of my coffee cup, wondering where he thinks we\'92ll find the money for all of this. It\'92s not like we\'92re destitute\'97I\'92m the breadwinner now, after all\'97but we\'92re not exactly flush with cash either. The financial markets aren\'92t what they used to be, and my job at the bank is more stressful than ever. The Swiss banking industry isn\'92t as glamorous as people think. It\'92s all numbers, all pressure, all the time. I work late into the night, my fingers tapping away at the keyboard, my mind a blur of spreadsheets and financial models.\
Claude doesn\'92t understand any of that. He doesn\'92t see the strain, the exhaustion. He\'92s too wrapped up in his world, his dog, his fantasies. I think he believes that if Duke has puppies, it\'92ll somehow make everything better, bring some kind of joy into our lives that we\'92ve been missing. But I know better. I know that it\'92ll just be more work, more responsibility, more things for me to manage while Claude drifts through life, half-awake, half-engaged.\
He\'92s always been like that, ever since I met him. Charming, yes, but lazy. Spoiled. The kind of man who expects the world to fall at his feet because he\'92s been told he\'92s special his entire life. And I, like a fool, fell for it. I thought I could change him, mold him into something more, something better. But you can\'92t change a man like Claude. He is who he is, and now I\'92m stuck with him, and his dog, and his dreams of a litter of Great Danes frolicking in the yard.\
One day, he comes home with a grin on his face, Duke trotting along beside him, as if they\'92ve just come back from a grand adventure. \'93I found her,\'94 he says, beaming. \'93I found the perfect mate for Duke. She\'92s beautiful, just like him. They\'92ll have the most amazing puppies, you\'92ll see.\'94\
I force a smile, trying to muster some enthusiasm. But inside, I\'92m dreading what comes next. The vet visits, the breeding, the sleepless nights when the puppies arrive, the mess, the noise. Claude doesn\'92t see any of that. He only sees the fantasy, the idyllic scene of Duke and his mate, romping in the grass, their offspring tumbling after them.\
It\'92s only a matter of time before the deal is sealed, before we\'92re knee-deep in dog food and puppy pads. I try to talk to him about the practicalities, the costs, the time it will take. But he waves me off, as if I\'92m worrying about nothing. \'93It\'92ll be fine,\'94 he says. \'93You\'92ll see. We\'92ll make it work.\'94\
I want to scream at him, to shake him, to make him see reality. But I don\'92t. I can\'92t. I just nod and smile, like I always do, and hope that this too will pass, like his other obsessions. But deep down, I know it won\'92t. This one is different. This one has taken root, and it\'92s growing, spreading, taking over our lives like a vine creeping up the side of the house.\
A few weeks later, the female arrives. She\'92s everything Claude said she would be\'97elegant, graceful, with a coat like velvet. Her name is Bella, and she\'92s as spoiled as Duke, if not more so. She prances around the house like she owns it, and Duke follows her everywhere, his tail wagging, his eyes bright with excitement.\
Claude is beside himself with joy. He dotes on them, fusses over them, talks to them as if they\'92re children, not dogs. He\'92s happier than I\'92ve seen him in years, and I suppose I should be grateful for that. But I can\'92t shake the feeling that this is just another one of his whims, something that will burn out eventually, leaving us with nothing but the ashes of his dreams.\
The breeding happens quickly, without much fanfare. I don\'92t ask for details, and Claude doesn\'92t offer any. All I know is that one day, Bella starts to show, her belly swelling, her appetite growing. Claude is ecstatic, planning out the nursery, buying supplies, talking about the future as if it\'92s already here.\
And me? I\'92m just tired. Tired of the noise, the mess, the endless demands. Tired of Claude\'92s fantasies, of his refusal to see the world as it is. I go to work, I come home, I do what needs to be done. I don\'92t have the energy to argue, to fight. I let him have his way because it\'92s easier than the alternative.\
When the puppies finally arrive, they\'92re as adorable as Claude promised. Tiny, wriggling things with soft fur and big eyes. Claude is over the moon, snapping pictures, cooing at them, playing the proud father. Duke and Bella seem content, too, basking in the attention, their little family complete.\
But all I can think about is how much more work this means for me. How much more I\'92ll have to juggle, between my job, the house, and now, the dogs. Claude doesn\'92t see that, of course. He just sees the puppies, the joy they bring, the fulfillment of his dream.\
I watch him with them, and I can\'92t help but wonder how long this will last. How long before he gets bored, before the reality of it all sets in, before he starts looking for the next thing to obsess over. And when that happens, what will become of the dogs, the puppies, the mess we\'92ve made?\
But I don\'92t say any of this. I just smile and nod, like I always do, and hope that one day, Claude will wake up, see the world for what it is, and maybe, just maybe, understand that not all dreams are worth pursuing. But until then, I\'92ll be here, cleaning up after him, after the dogs, after the mess he\'92s made of our lives.\
}